ENG-1404: Hide region CLI flag for cluster creation (#15277)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/lightning_app/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue when using the CLI without arguments ([#14877](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14877))
- Fixed a bug where the upload files endpoint would raise an error when running locally ([#14924](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14924))

> - Fixed BYOC cluster region selector -> hiding it since from help since only us-east-1 has been tested and recommend ([#15277]https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/15277)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed BYOC cluster region selector -> hiding it from help since only us-east-1 has been tested and is recommended ([#15277]https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/15277)
```
